# Title

* PEP 572: The Walrus, The Dictator, and The Vacation

# Description

In this talk, we'll learn about a highly controversial proposed change to Python syntax, the rationale for it, and the fallout as the result of it.

Along the way we’ll go in-depth on how new ideas about Python are proposed, discussed, and become part of the language, what’s unique about Python’s process compared to other open source projects, and recent developments and what they mean for the future of the wider Python community.

# Audience

This talk is for any Python user who has heard of PEP 572, or knows that our BDFL recently stepped down, but not have a great understanding of what the PEP was proposing, how changes to the language are proposed, and what the changes mean, both for the language and for the community.

This talk aims to be a level-headed and rational discussion of a recently proposed syntax change to Python that created intense debate, disagreement, and eventually led our BDFL to take a “permanent vacation”. The goal is to give the average Python user an understanding of how Python evolves, problems with the existing process, and how we can solve it.

In the end, attendees should come away with not only an understanding of PEP 572 and the Python governance model, but also gain an understanding of ways in which this process can fail and even become harmful to the people involved, and how we, as users of open source software, can be better stewards of our language and better supporters of the volunteers who we depend on.

# Outline

* Python Governance (5 mins)
  * BDFL
  * PEP Process
    * Well-known PEPs
  * BDFL-Delegates
* PEP 572 (10 mins)
  * What problems does this solve
    * Example 1: regular expressions
    * Example 2: processing chunks
    * Example 3: optimizing comprehensions
  * Why?
    * Less lines are better
    * Less lines are more efficient?
  * Understanding walrus-scope
  * Exceptions to these rules
  * Relation to the equals operator
* Reception (6 mins)
  * Backwards compatibility
  * Teachability
  * Attractiveness
* Questions (9 mins)
  * What does this mean for Python?
  * Will this become part of Python?
  * Is Guido coming back?
  * Will this happen again?
  * What will we do now?
