Dustin Ingram is a senior software engineer at PromptWorks and director of
their office in Austin, TX. He's a member of the Python Packaging Authority,
which maintains the tools and infrastructure for 3rd party Python packages. He
has a master’s degree in Computer Science from Drexel University.

---

How To Avoid Maslow's Hammer

Maslow's Hammer, otherwise known as the "Law of the Instrument", is the old
adage that "if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail". It
describes a common cognitive bias that leads to an overuse of a familiar tool,
even when that tool might not be the best tool for the job.

This talk is for anyone that has a "hammer", whether it be your favorite
framework, code editor, operating system, or programming language of choice, as
well as anyone who has had convince someone else to put down the hammer.

Overcoming this bias personally is one challenge, but overcoming this bias for
your team is even harder. In this talk, we'll explore ways to prevent your
organization from getting stuck in a tool rut, and preventing your developers
from getting pigeon-holed (or from pigeon-holing themselves).

---

Swiss Train Deployments

A Swiss Train deployment is a general-purpose software deployment philosophy
based on ideas from modern web browser projects such as Chrome and Firefox, as
well as open-source projects such as the Ubuntu project.

In this talk, we’ll explore the motivation for a Swiss Train style software
deployment, the problems which it seeks to solve in existing deployment
philosophies, as well as the benefits it provides to various software
stakeholders.

This talk is for anyone who has ever been responsible for shipping software,
maintainers, developers and even project managers, as well as anyone who has
depended on software shipped by others.

After watching this talk, the audience should be able to: understand why it
is important to have a deployment philosophy, see the inefficiencies in
current deployment philosophies, present a strong argument for adopting Swiss
Train style deployments, and be able to implement the deployment philosophy in
their own workflow.

---

The Cure for Architectural Amnesia

How often do you find yourself introducing your codebase to a new teammate, and
you can't quite remember why you did something one way, but you’re really sure
there was a good reason for it?

Or perhaps you’re trying to explain the architecture of your software, and the
best you can come up with is, “Well, that's the way it's always been, I guess?”

This talk introduces the Architectural Decision Record, which provides a shared
history by acting as a collection of architecturally significant decisions,
providing a way to understand how and why an architecture has evolved as it has
grown.

This talk is for anyone who has made architectural decisions on a software
project, or needed to understand decisions made by their team.

After watching this talk, the audience should understand the need for decision
records, and have patterns for recording architectural decisions made by
themselves or their team.

---

On Doing It Yourself

As creators of technology, we are constantly faced with this decision: When
do we buy, and when do we DIY?

There is a multitude of successful tools which we might think we could never
reproduce at a reasonable cost. However, if you are able to build your own
tools, often doing so successfully can produce enormous results.

More often than not, the decision is paralyzing. There's so much that one could
learn to build themselves, but as things become more and more complex, one has
to be able to make a rational trade-off between spending the time and energy in
the rathole, or not. You can't spend all day rebuilding everything you can
simply because you can.

In this talk, we'll explore this paradox of the tool-builder, and provide the
audience with some insight into how to make the decision to buy off the shelf,
or to build it yourself.
